---
layout: post
title:  About me
date:   2014-07-27 16:10:51
<!-- categories: about -->
---

- Table of Contents
{:toc}

# Experience

#### Senior User Experience Architect at [Deloitte Digital][dd]

###### January 2012 – Present

Example: [Wireframes][wire1]

- 8% conversion rate improvement for an iOS app through usability improvements.
- Transformed the model of a business through a HTML5 iPad prototype that utilized realtime data searching.
- UX Lead for an insurance start-up responsive site with extremely complex 3rd party integration. My work gave that 3rd party an API to build towards which ultimately helped steer the project back on track.
- UX Lead for a responsive re-design with thousands of pages of scientific content. I defined the content strategy, information architecture, and page templates needed to migrate their content to our new design.
- Managed in-house stencils and templates in OmniGraffle / InDesign to maintain consistent UX work team wide.
- On boarded and trained multiple employees on our process.

#### Usability Application Developer at [Microsoft Games User Research][sur]

###### April 2011 – November 2011

Example: [Wireframes][wire1]

- Assisted user research engineers with analysis of usability videos and conducting focus groups.
- Streamlined participant check-in process through hook integration (C#) with survey software.
- Created an app (VB.Net / Telerik) that provides the ability to monitor participant data in real-time and overhauled the statistical analysis of research data.
- Facilitated game testing in playtest labs; interacted with participants to ensure valid data is collected and study procedures are followed.
- Re-designed internal SQL DB shedding 2-5 days off the time required to analyze data and generate reports.

# Skills

User-flows, Agile, Scrum, personas, user scenarios, wireframes, sketches, paper prototypes, heuristic evaluations, competitive analyses, contextual inquiry, prototypes, user research, usability tests, content audit, information architecture, content strategy.

# Tools

Paper, Fireworks, Illustrator, InDesign, Edge Animate, OmniGraffle, Proto.io, Axure, Visio, HTML / CSS, SASS

# Education

#### Masters in Human Computer Interaction at Iowa State University

###### August 2010

Thesis – Assessing credibility and aesthetic perception across different exposure times on a healthcare website. 
 
#### Bachelors in Computer Science & Systems at Taylor University

###### May 2006

{% picture 1.jpeg alt="An unsual ASDF" %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll's GitHub repo][jekyll-gh].

[dd]: http://deloittedigital.com/work
[sur]: http://mgsuserresearch.com/
[wire1]: http://bing.com
[jekyll-gh]: https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll
[jekyll]:    http://jekyllrb.com
[blog]: 	 {{page.url}}
[bottom]: {{page.url | append: '#bottom'}}
